hey ladies it's been a long time since I
was uploaded any videos I've been pretty
busy marches a pretty busy month for me
my birthday was just marketing and my
daughter's is coming up on the
twenty-sixth of this month's are they
like multiple different events occur
this once I've been super busy but
anyway ladies this tutorial is simply my
review of the Victoria's Secret i
spawned make a primer and setting spray
I really love it I bought it a few weeks
ago pretty much one no not a few weeks
ago yeah it has been a minute about it
around Valentine's Day this was a one of
my gifts are purchased on Victoria's
Secret again I totally love this sword
is like my favorite store my opinion
these are not an easy move in sex and
I'm not bashing the company or anything
like that because again this is my
favorite this is in viscose so again i'm
going to wait you ladies know this is
one what i use to prepare my face or any
concealer i may put on my face any
foundation when i'm doing my eyebrows if
I I'm going to wear blush for the day
this is what i put on my face and what
you're supposed to do you're supposed to
spray it before before you apply
whatever you want to put on your face
and you put one spray afterwards so
again it's a total of two sprays as
before and after again this is a
victoria secret facetime makeup farmer
and Satan spray so pretty much it
assists with you know any makeup
meltdown that some people have and after
you spray it you can kind of see if you
like looking in the mirror you can kind
of see that it does tighten the skin a
little bit and these are the ingredients
as well that gives you guys like a
refreshing look as well I love it and
since I've used it out of
looking this is a lightweight non-sticky
free they put in your face signor make
those pretty much less coffee wearing it
does whole pile foundation this is
highly recommended is also beautiful
shadows will completely smothered in
village in 48 hours so you guys can
purchases from the Victoria speakers
calm right then quite swollen $14 but
again as you can see looking on else
they mesh the bottle I know so cute this
is like one of my favorite colors to
wear this color is the Revlon minted see
like that Tiffany's green see how it
matches the bottle of oil coincidence by
the way you can have birthday knows my
birthday with smartsheet tuned today is
the 18th so happy belated birthday to me
you also happy birthday hi but anyway
ladies again check this out again I'm
going to zoom in on it so you guys can
read it see for yourself I'll flip over
the back you can't see hopefully you
ladies can hear mean again I do all of
these right now for my android phone so
i apologize i don't have a
high-definition camcorder but i do the
best that i can again thank you for
anyone they have checked out any of my
previous videos into the few who are
subscribed as well i really appreciate
it thank you for giving me a chance and
i really have some good stuff I'm pretty
talented but enough wouldn't be rambling
on again thank you ladies